Updates docs for smart contracts (#8)
aragon/builders-portal: docs/smart-contracts/core/plugin/Plugin.md

## Aragon Core

###  contract `Plugin`

An abstract, non-upgradeable contract to inherit from when creating a plugin being deployed via the `new` keyword.

#### public variable `PLUGIN_INTERFACE_ID`

```solidity
bytes4 PLUGIN_INTERFACE_ID 
```

#### internal function `constructor`

Initializes the DAO by storing the associated DAO and registering the contract's [ERC-165](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-165) interface ID.

```solidity
constructor(contract IDAO _dao) internal 
```

| Input | Type | Description |
|:----- | ---- | ----------- |

> | _dao | contract IDAO | The associated DAO address. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _dao | contract IDAO | The associated DAO address |
```

*This method is required to support [ERC-1822](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1822).*

#### internal modifier `auth`

A modifier to be used to check permissions on a target contract via the associated DAO.

```solidity
modifier auth(bytes32 _permissionId) 
```

| Input | Type | Description |
|:----- | ---- | ----------- |

> | _permissionId | bytes32 | The permission identifier required to call the method this modifier is applied to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _permissionId | bytes32 | The permission identifier required to call the method this modifier is applied to |
```

#### public function `supportsInterface`

> adds a IERC165 to check whether contract supports Plugin interface or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks whether the specified contract supports the Plugin interface (or the IERC165 interface) or not
```
